What is hoisting?
Execution context in javascript.

    Everything in javascript happens inside an Execution context.
    When we run javascript whole code, A global execution context is created.  
    The execution context is created in two phases.
        1)First one is Memory Creation (creation phase) phase.
            In first phase of Memory creation, javascript will allocate memory to all the 
            variable and functions.

        2)second one is code execution phase.


        Note : when we invoked function in js on that time new execution context is created 
               that execution context also have two phases in which first one is memory allocation
               phase and second one is code execution phase. 

        In javascript, return keyword tells the function, just return the control back to the execution context, where
        the function was invoked.

        In javascript, return keyword states that, now return the control of the program, to the place where the 
        function was invoked.

        when whole the function is executed,then whole execution context for that instance of the function will be deleted. 

        Once the javascript done with all it's work, now the program is finished. the whole global execution context
        also deleted. 

What is window?
    Window is a global object which is created along with the global execution context.
    at the global level this keyword takes window object.



Difference between undefined and not defined in js?
    "undefined" indicates that a variable has been declared but not given a value.
    "not defined" indicates that a variable does not exist.

What is scope in js? 
    Where you can access a specific variable or function in our code.

What is a lexical environment? 
    Whenever an execution context is created, a lexical environment is also created. 
    lexical environment is the local memory along with the lexical environment of it's parent.
    lexical means in order or in hierarchy.

What is Scope chain?

What is a Temporal dead zone?
    Temporal dead zone is the time since when this let variable was hoisted and till it is initialize 
    some value that time between that is known as temporal dead zone.

let and const declaration are hoisted in js?
    It is hoisted but it get different space instead of global space. that's why it can not access before initialization. 

difference between let var and const?
    -var : var variable takes global space at the time of memory allocation and let and const takes another space to which is called script space.  
    -Var can redeclare and re-initialize but let is not redeclare but re-initialize and const is not redeclare and re-initialize.
    -var can access before initialization due to global space and let and const not access before initialization due to other memory space. 

What is block(compound statements) in js?
    Combining multiple javascript's statements into a group which is known as block or compound statement.
    why : this multiple group's of statements can be used in a place where javascript expects a single statement.

what is block scope in js?
    what all variable's and function's we can access inside this block that is known as block scope.
what is shadowing in js?
Difference between TypeError ,SyntaxError and ReferenceError

ReferenceError : 

SyntaxError : Whenever we write wrong syntax it gives us a syntax error 
            Example  let can not redeclare if we trying to redeclare it it gives us to syntax error.  

TypeError :  const is declare and initialize together if we trying to reinitialize it that gives us type error syntax.